docs: Fix the content of the Workshops (#121)
unoplatform/workshops: simple-calc/README.md

  - Visual Studio 2022 17.8 preview (Windows)
  - Visual Studio Code (Windows or Mac)

> [!NOTE]

> >  For an improved development experience, we recommend using .NET8 and VisualStudio 17.8 preview. However, the workshop can still be completed with .NET7 and VisualStudio 17.7.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>  For an improved development experience, we recommend using .NET 8 RC 2 (or later) and VisualStudio 17.8 preview 5 (or later). However, the workshop can still be completed with .NET7 and VisualStudio 17.7.
```
